docs/citation.rst, before:

Citation
========

The bibtex file including both references is available `here <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/felixriese/susi/master/bibliography.bib>`_.

Paper citation
--------------

Felix M. Riese and S. Keller, "SUSI: Supervised Self-Organizing Maps for Regression and Classification in Python", `arXiv:1903.11114 <https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.11114>`_, 2019. Submitted to an ISPRS conference.

.. code:: bibtex

    @article{riesekeller2019susi,
        author = {Riese, Felix~M. and Keller, Sina},
        title = {SUSI: Supervised Self-Organizing Maps for Regression and Classification in Python},
        year = {2019},
        archivePrefix = {arXiv},
        eprint = {1903.11114},
        primaryClass = {cs.LG},
        url = {https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.11114}
    }

Code citation
-------------

Felix M. Riese, "SuSi: SUpervised Self-organIzing maps in Python", `10.5281/zenodo.2609130 <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130>`_, 2019.

.. image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.2609130.svg
   :target: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130

.. code:: bibtex

    @misc{riese2019susicode,
        author = {Riese, Felix~M.},
        title = {{SuSi: SUpervised Self-organIzing maps in Python}},
        year = {2019},
        DOI = {10.5281/zenodo.2609130},
        publisher = {Zenodo},
        howpublished = {\href{https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130}{doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130}}
    }

Commit message:

Replaced arxiv paper with journal article

docs/citation.rst, after:

Citation
========

The bibtex file including both references is available `here <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/felixriese/susi/master/bibliography.bib>`_.

Paper citation
--------------

F. M. Riese, S. Keller and S. Hinz, "Supervised and Semi-Supervised Self-Organizing
Maps for Regression and Classification Focusing on Hyperspectral Data",
*Remote Sensing*, vol. 12, no. 1, 2019.

.. code:: bibtex

    @article{riese2019supervised,
        author = {Riese, Felix~M. and Keller, Sina and Hinz, Stefan},
        title = {{Supervised and Semi-Supervised Self-Organizing Maps for
                  Regression and Classification Focusing on Hyperspectral Data}},
        journal = {Remote Sensing},
        year = {2019},
        volume = {12},
        number = {1},
        article-number = {7},
        URL = {https://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/12/1/7},
        ISSN = {2072-4292},
        DOI = {10.3390/rs12010007}
    }

Code citation
-------------

Felix M. Riese, "SuSi: SUpervised Self-organIzing maps in Python", `10.5281/zenodo.2609130 <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130>`_, 2019.

.. image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.2609130.svg
   :target: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130

.. code:: bibtex

    @misc{riese2019susicode,
        author = {Riese, Felix~M.},
        title = {{SuSi: SUpervised Self-organIzing maps in Python}},
        year = {2019},
        DOI = {10.5281/zenodo.2609130},
        publisher = {Zenodo},
        howpublished = {\href{https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130}{doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2609130}}
    }
